Joey I knew that sickos had a good
quarterback but when I heard a six foot
eight six foot ten 7-foot Center had
transferred in to open up that running
attack I mean that raised sickles up in
my preseason rankings hold on mr. vital
you're thinking of John Henson the
basketball player who transferred into
sickles this is football sickles is
coming off their first winning season in
program history and they return Colin
O'Brien quarterback son of coach Pat
O'Brien and a solid senior nucleus that
could give them a chance to have another
winning season so center is a position
in basketball I'll explain it later well
we have this philosophy we're gonna put
our best 11 on the field and we they're
going to have to get a lot of kids in
shape this summer or we're going to try
and get some of our second teamers to
step up and try and get better we've got
some quality kids we can easily just on
one side of the ball to make this team
so much better but we are you know given
a little different look to our defense
and to the offense a little bit this
year just progressing a little bit
further with things we how we ended the
season but we got a good core group guys
returning we've been working out a lot
during offseason with our BFS program a
lot of team building stuff and a lot of
work in the weight room
Ivan I've been working pretty hard but
my receivers even working really hard to
and we've been building like a good
connection together and my line they've
been blocking really good for me I'm
starting to really get the meld together
with those guys so our whole office is
really just coming together right now we
really learn the plays and coming
together and like tell more like family
hello I'm izzy gould hello I'm Bob
Putnam and this is Friday night rewind
the second season Bob we had a lot of
great games in the bay area this evening
yes we did plant norm would really stood
out here's Erin Murray dropping back for
a pass to Alan Sampson for the touchdown
do ya are you freaking kidding me that's
not friday night rewind there's no fun
there's no providing there's no video
highlights there's no shout outs that
makes my stomach hurt Booya oh god they
got to you too this is Friday night
rewind
get ready do you stay ready you have to
get ready if you stay ready you have the
dick ready
this is Friday night rewind